Restructuring The Docs (#5441)
Significant-Gravitas/AutoGPT: docs/content/AutoGPT/Setups/Git-setup.md

### Set up with Git

!!! important
    Make sure you have [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) installed for your OS.

!!! info "Executing commands"
    To execute the given commands, open a CMD, Bash, or Powershell window.  
    On Windows: press ++win+x++ and pick *Terminal*, or ++win+r++ and enter `cmd`

1. Clone the repository

    ```shell
    git clone -b stable https://github.com/Significant-Gravitas/AutoGPT.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the directory where you downloaded the repository

    ```shell
    cd AutoGPT/autogpts/autogpt
    ```

### Configuration

1. Find the file named `.env.template` in the main `Auto-GPT` folder. This file may
    be hidden by default in some operating systems due to the dot prefix. To reveal
    hidden files, follow the instructions for your specific operating system:

>     [Windows][show hidden files/Windows], [macOS][show hidden files/macOS].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [Windows][show hidden files/Windows] and [macOS][show hidden files/macOS].
```

2. Create a copy of `.env.template` and call it `.env`;

>     if you're already in a command prompt/terminal window: `cp .env.template .env`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if you're already in a command prompt/terminal window: 
    ```shell
    cp .env.template .env
    ```
```

3. Open the `.env` file in a text editor.
4. Find the line that says `OPENAI_API_KEY=`.

> 5. After the `=`, enter your unique OpenAI API Key *without any quotes or spaces*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Insert your OpenAI API Key directly after = without quotes or spaces..
    ```yaml
    OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-qwertykeys123456
    ```
```
